h1. CloudFusion

Build awesome, cloud-based web applications in a fraction of the time!

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.1.4 or newer (PHP 5.2+ recommended)
* SimpleXML extension
* cURL extension with SSL support

Caching support requires one or more of the following:

* *File:* Write permissions to the file system.
* *APC:* APC extension
* *XCache:* XCache extension
* *Memcache:* Memcached system service, Memcache PHP extension
* *SQLite:* PDO extension, PDO_SQLITE adapter, SQLite extension
* *MySQL:* PDO extension, PDO_MYSQL adapter, MySQL extension (or mysqlnd for PHP 5.3)
* *PostgreSQL:* PDO extension, PDO_PGSQL adapter, PGSQL extension

h2. Donate

Help me stop being broke by donating anything you can towards the further development of this software.

h2. Getting the hang of Git

As of early November 2009, CloudFusion has moved to the Git SCM and GitHub for a code repository.

h3. Mac

Mac users can install Git either from "the installer":http://code.google.com/p/git-osx-installer/downloads/list?can=3 or via "MacPorts":http://macports.org. If installing via MacPorts, I'd recommend calling <code>sudo port install git-core +svn</code>.

h3. Windows

Windows users can install "msys-git":http://code.google.com/p/msysgit/ or "TortoiseGit":http://code.google.com/p/tortoisegit/. "Getting started with Git and Github on Windows":http://kylecordes.com/2008/04/30/git-windows-go/ would be a good place to start.

h3. Linux

Depending on your flavor of Linux you can likely either use <code>yum</code> or <code>apt-get</code> to install the Git package.

h2. Contributing

I want to see CloudFusion become a community project. If you have a patch for a bug or new feature, fork CloudFusion, make the updates, then send me a Github pull request. This makes patching much easier.

It's even better when it's unit tested. Bug fix patches should include matching "PHPT":http://qa.php.net/write-test.php unit tests, and new features should include unit tests and documentation in "NaturalDocs":http://naturaldocs.org format.

Documentation is equally as important as the code itself, and unit tests are actually used for code samples within the documentation. Doing your best will make my job easier. :)

I definitely need help with:
* Writing PHPT tests for the S3 class
* Writing PHPT tests for the EC2 class
* Supporting the new EC2-related services that have come out in the past few months

h2. Links

* "Main site":http://getcloudfusion.com
* "API reference":http://getcloudfusion.com/docs/latest
* "Tutorials and screencasts":http://getcloudfusion.com/docs
* "Discussion and support list":http://getcloudfusion.com/discussion
* Donate! -- Click the little "Donate" button in the upper-right corner

h2. License

Code is BSD licensed. Documentation and tutorials are Creative Commons licensed. You can find exact details in the footer of the main site.
